Goals for last Sprint:
Get a working prototype, push info to database and pull info from database and creating userflow

Goals for this Sprint: 
- Front and back end fully connected
- Reviews system up and running and connected to DB
- CartFlow working (Seller and Buyer side testing)
- Notifications for orders(When order is ready and when seller receives a new order) 
- Getting pictures from Gallery methods and displaying it
- Saving photos to DB as a String
- Splash screen check sharedPrefs
- Methods to clear sharedPrefs when user logs Out
-Connecting all info to views in recyclerView
- Get UID from login user method
- Due: Wednesday 9:30pm (Google Hangouts to report progress and regroup)

- Implement cardPayments and FB Authentication (By sunday)

Guiding Questions (consider before the meeting):

What went well?
We got a large part of the prototype done. Prototyping made it really easy to design and make a skeleton. We figured
out efficient ways to store data and connect is via UID. We were good at communication.

What should we do differently next time?
Plan more and better because we didn't know the exact details of everything that was needed. More standup meetings. 

What did we learn?
We need to communicate consistently and communicat specifics in a clear manner. Its good to check in with 
atleast one other member with questions and to get another perspective. 
Keep track of things you forsee having to work on later. 

What still puzzles us?
Geofencing and GeoCoding flow

Team Member Analysis: If you did not meet your goals, how will this affect the progression of the product? What will you do differently to meet your goals this week?

Team Member Alvin
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Basic Skeleton and user flow
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes


Team Member #2 Anthony
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Map and connecting data, views and creating methods needed for classes
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? yes a lot of progress was made. Need to work 
with Madelyn to define helper methods for database needed for methods outside of DBHElper


Team Member #3 Madelyn
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Database
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes, need to create more methods but data has
is structured and efficiently sent to and from the firebase DB.


Roles, Goals and Resposibility: (https://en.todoist.com/app?v=402#project%2F149091349 "Go To ToDoist")



Compare your work planned with what your work completed.

Is the divison of roles within your team working? YES! Great division of work
How is communication and collaboration between team members? Its going well and we have defined how it can be better
Are you getting adequate support? How are you reviewing code? Code has to be tested by two team members before merging
to master
How can you improve productivity and get the most work done within the next week? By planning out everything today
in advance and communicating our problems and progress with the team

Mentor Comments:

