
Goals for last Sprint:
Succesfully link the back-end cloud database with the front-end UI

Goals for this Sprint: 
- Front and back end SEAMLESSLY connected
- Reviews system up and running and connected to DB
- CartFlow working (Seller and Buyer side testing)
- Getting pictures from Gallery methods and displaying it and save to DB as string
- Methods to clear sharedPrefs when user logs Out (?)
- FB Authentication

Following Sprint
- Saving photos to DB as a String
- Notifications for orders(When order is ready and when seller receives a new order) 
- Implement cardPayments
- Services for notifications


What went well?
Both ends of the project are 90% completed and just require linking up and connecting.

What should we do differently next time?
Now that we have the general foundation of the app completed, we can focus on adding enhancements to create a more seamless flow!

What did we learn?
Working in separate classes and branches for distinct features will most easily prevent difficult merge conflicts when it comes time to merge the code together


What still puzzles us?
Map fragment crashes code sometimes, possibly due to retrieving the user's location within a specific period of time?

Team Member Analysis: If you did not meet your goals, how will this affect the progression of the product? What will you do differently to meet your goals this week?

Team Member Alvin
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Build out all the screens necessary for buyer + seller flow and have them connected to one another
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes


Team Member #2 Anthony
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Connect everything, linking backend to frontend
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? We are all working on this


Team Member #3 Madelyn
Goals/Responsibilities Last Week: Finishing the backend DB methods and restructuring the DB
Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes but working with Anthony to implement methods which may be missing
working on FB authentiction now


Roles, Goals and Resposibility: 

[Visit ToDoist!](https://en.todoist.com/app?v=402#project%2F149091349)

Compare your work planned with what your work completed.

Is the divison of roles within your team working? YES! Great division of work
How is communication and collaboration between team members? Communication is very good as we are all responsive and update each other when any features are completed and ready/pushed to master to be pulled by other group members
Are you getting adequate support? How are you reviewing code? Yes, our mentor, Tony, has been extremely helpful in contributing tips and suggestions on how to modify our user flows to be efficient and intuitive, while also providing recommendations to how to structure our database
How can you improve productivity and get the most work done within the next week? List out the enhancements that are still remaining, and prioritize them by what is more crucial for the app to be considered functional from a user's POV, user test to see which enhancements we should actually spend time implementing to improve function of the app!

Mentor Comments:

